This SmashJob Data Privacy Policy covers practices for the SmashJob website including data collection, data processing and data sharing.



Data Collection

If you are interested to apply for a position at a company listed or to learn more about a position you may be asked to 
provide personal information such as contact details or professional background qualification information. This could be 
collected from you through the SmashJob website or by telephone or by email. The information you provide SmashJob is processed 
and used by SmashJob only for the job recruitment, applicant and placement process.



Global Operations, Country Data Transfers, Data Sharing

SmashJob connects recruiters, job seekers and offices in many countries around the globe. In the course of using this website, 
applicant and placement process, personal data and professional information you provide to SmashJob maybe processed, transferred, 
shared with individuals participating in the recruiting and interviewing process. We may also use contracted third party 
suppliers or services in the job recruitment, applicant and placement process. We also reserve the right to disclose your 
information as required by law, court order, or legal process served on us, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to 
protect our rights, or to combat suspected fraudulent activities.



Website Cookie Use

The SmashJob website may use cookies in the performance of its data collections and processing functions.



Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files 
include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the 
browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which 
pages you visited throughout our site.


Data Retention

We retain the information provided to us for a reasonable time period that allows for future job candidate recruitment, 
applicant and placement processing. Also we may retain some job candidate recruitment, applicant data that is necessary 
to comply with local legal and government reporting obligations.



Third Party Sites
SmashJob does not control the privacy policies of third party sites or service providers to which we provide links. 
These third party sites or service providers may use cookies to provide a service or serve ads based on a user's prior 
visits to SmashJob Please be aware that if you click on an ad or third party link, you will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.



Company and Candidate Background Checks

SmashJob may contract with trusted third parties to perform background check procedures on employers and job candidates. However before 
a background check is performed we may contact you to obtain your permission for performance of a background check and to 
provide you with information about how you can obtain a copy of information from the background check third party supplier 
if you have questions or concerns.



Data Security

We have put in place reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access to 
the information we collect. However, no security measures are 100% impenetrable and we cannot guarantee against all potential 
security breaches. Moreover, the transmission of information over the Internet is not inherently secure, and we are not 
responsible for the transmission of information over networks that we do not control. Your use of our website service 
demonstrates your assumption of these risks.



Data Transfer in Merger, Acquisitions

In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a 
portion of its assets, your information may be among the assets transferred.



Your obligations to other Users

As a User, you have certain obligations to other Users. Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and 
regulations, and others have become commonplace in user-friendly communities of like-minded members. Do not abuse 
the SmashJob service by using it to spam, abuse, harass, or otherwise violate this Privacy Policy. You must not 
download or otherwise disseminate any information that may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, or which 
may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of SmashJob and its community of Users.



Subject Access Requests to Data Held

Some countries have Data Subject Access laws that provides you the right to access the personal data we hold about you. 
Should you wish to access the information held by us about you, please let us know by contacting us with your specific 
requests using the information in the Contact Us section below. Any access request may be subject to a small fee to meet 
our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. If your personal details change, if you 
have any queries about how we use your information, or if you would like to modify or remove personal data about you 
that is being held by Us, then you should contact us with your specific requests using the information in the Contact Us section below.



Changes to Privacy Policy

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You agree that SmashJob may amend this policy from time to time by 
posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. Your continued use of any portion of the Website or SmashJob service 
following the posting of the revised policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.



How to contact us
On Discord: https://discord.gg/GQRAzav
Github: https://github.com/profchydon/steemask

